Build ZFS sysext with each release (#1742)
flatcar/scripts: changelog/changes/2024-03-13-zfs.md

> - Provide a zfs-2.2.2 sysext with the release. Write 'zfs' to /etc/flatcar/enabled-sysext.conf through ignition and the sysext will be installed during provisioning. ZFS support is experimental and ZFS is not supported for the root partition. ([flatcar/scripts#1742](https://github.com/flatcar/scripts/pull/1742))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Provided a ZFS-2.2.2 Flatcar extension as optional systemd-sysext image with the release. Write 'zfs' to `/etc/flatcar/enabled-sysext.conf` through Ignition and the sysext will be installed during provisioning. ZFS support is experimental and ZFS is not supported for the root partition. ([flatcar/scripts#1742](https://github.com/flatcar/scripts/pull/1742))
```
